Thyme
=====

Description
-----------

An application to enable a worker to keep track of time spent on
various activities throughout each day, and to subsequently
review and tabulate the collected activity-time information.

This application is being built primarily to flesh out and
demonstrate a specific Ruby on Rails application development
strategy.  Hopefully, it will turn out to be a useful application
as well, though some of the work that goes onto its construction
will not be strongly focused on that goal. For instance, we are
intruducing the Rails framework because that's the case we're
trying to illustrate, not because that's been determined to be the
best architecture.  Some of the features that will be added might
also be for the purpose of puzzling out how to deal with them
rather than because they add much value for application users.

License
-------

(The MIT License)

Copyright © 2012 Steve Jorgensen

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the ‘Software’), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy,
modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ‘AS IS’, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
